{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Fair \'97 that plan was dense. Let me restart with plain English.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 What you asked for\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Bug.
\f0\b0  The "All" chip on the browse view says 
\f2\fs26 83
\f0\fs24 . The header says 
\f2\fs26 485 RECORDS
\f0\fs24 . You'd expect them to match.\

\f1\b Feature.
\f0\b0  When you expand a watch and click a dealer's "Website" button, it goes to the dealer's homepage. You want it to go straight to that specific watch on the dealer's site.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 What I'm proposing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 Bug fix \'97 5 minutes of work\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 Two different counts exist in the data:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 485 watches
\f0\b0  = every individual record (e.g., Submariner 126610LN with 3235 Clone movement is one record; Submariner 126610LN with 2836 Asian movement is another).\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 83 model families
\f0\b0  = unique brand + family pairs (all Submariner records collapse into 1 family).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The "All" chip was wired to show families (83). The per-brand chips (
\f2\fs26 ROLEX 108
\f0\fs24 ) show watch counts. That inconsistency is the bug.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Fix:
\f0\b0  make "All" show 
\f2\fs26 485
\f0\fs24  so it matches the rest. Add a small one-line caption above the cards that says 
\f2\fs26 // SHOWING 83 FAMILIES
\f0\fs24  so you understand why fewer cards appear than the chip number \'97 the cards on the browse view are families, not individual watches.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 Deep-links \'97 the honest version\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 Here's the tradeoff you need to understand before I commit to an approach:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 There is no clean way to deep-link to "the exact watch" on every dealer's site automatically.
\f0\b0  Dealers don't have APIs. Each runs their own catalog on WordPress, OpenCart, Shopify, or custom code. To get a 100% exact "/product/sub-126610ln/" URL for every (watch \'d7 dealer) combination would require either:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 (A) Web-scraping every dealer's catalog.
\f0\b0  Fragile, Cloudflare-blocked, breaks every time a dealer changes a URL. Not honest engineering.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 (B) Hand-curating 33 dealers \'d7 485 watches = ~16,000 URLs.
\f0\b0  Not realistic.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 (C) Using each dealer's built-in search.
\f0\b0  For most dealers, you can construct a URL like 
\f2\fs26 https://jtime.io/?s=126610LN
\f0\fs24  that runs a search on their site for the watch's reference number. The user lands on a search results page showing matching products.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 My plan = 
\f1\b (C) by default + (B) as an opt-in for watches you really care about
\f0\b0 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Concretely, when you click "Website" on JTime for the Submariner 116610LN:
\f0\b0 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6055\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8666\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Today\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 After this change\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6055\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8666\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs26 \cf0 https://jtime.io
\f0\fs24  (homepage \'97 you have to navigate)\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26 \cf0 https://jtime.io/?s=116610LN
\f0\fs24  (their search results for that exact reference)\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 That's a meaningful improvement: instead of hunting through their menu, you land on a page filtered to that watch.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 For watches you want a perfect direct URL:
\f0\b0  I create a file 
\f2\fs26 dealer-deep-links.json
\f0\fs24 . You (or I, when you find the URL) can drop in entries like:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26 \cf0 \{\
  "rolex-submariner-126610ln-126610lv-126619lb": \{\
    "jtime-watch-store": "https://jtime.io/product/the-exact-page/"\
  \}\
\}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 When this entry exists, that exact URL wins over the search URL. You upgrade individual high-priority watches over time.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Fallback:
\f0\b0  if neither a direct URL nor a search URL works for a dealer (e.g., their site doesn't have search), the button still goes to the homepage like today. So nothing gets worse.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 How the click resolves (most-specific wins)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs26 \cf0 Click "Website" on dealer X for watch Y\
        
\f3 \uc0\u9474 
\f2 \
        
\f3 \uc0\u9660 
\f2 \
1. Is there a hand-curated URL for (Y, X) in dealer-deep-links.json?\
   YES 
\f3 \uc0\u8594 
\f2  use that exact URL.                      [DIRECT]\
        
\f3 \uc0\u9474 
\f2 \
        
\f3 \uc0\u9660 
\f2   no\
2. Does dealer X have a search URL pattern in dealer-search.json?\
   YES 
\f3 \uc0\u8594 
\f2  fill \{q\} with watch Y's reference (e.g., 126610LN). [SEARCH]\
        
\f3 \uc0\u9474 
\f2 \
        
\f3 \uc0\u9660 
\f2   no\
3. Use the dealer's homepage (current behavior).            [HOME]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The button text stays 
\f2\fs26 [ WEBSITE ]
\f0\fs24  so the UI doesn't get cluttered. A tooltip on hover tells you which kind of link you'll get: 
\f4\i "Search for 126610LN on jtime.io"
\f0\i0  vs 
\f4\i "Direct product link"
\f0\i0  vs 
\f4\i "Dealer homepage"
\f0\i0 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 Will this actually achieve your objective?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 Honestly: 
\f1\b partially, with an upgrade path.
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Day 1 of this change:
\f0\b0  every dealer link goes to a search results page on the dealer's site for the watch's reference number. That's ~85% of the way to "the exact watch" \'97 you land on a tightly filtered list (often 1\'963 results) instead of the homepage. For most reference numbers like 
\f2\fs26 126610LN
\f0\fs24 , the dealer's search returns the exact product as the first hit.\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Over time:
\f0\b0  you (or me, in follow-up sessions) fill in 
\f2\fs26 dealer-deep-links.json
\f0\fs24  with exact product URLs for the watches you care most about. Those become 100% perfect direct links. The structure is already there to support unlimited overrides.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Going from "homepage" to "filtered search results page for the right reference" is a real, immediate win that works for all 33 dealers \'d7 all 485 watches without me hand-curating thousands of URLs. The override file is the path to perfection for the watches that matter most to you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Does this approach match what you want? Two things you might want to redirect:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Should the search-URL default be enough
\f0\b0 , or do you want me to also research-and-curate exact product URLs for, say, the top-tier dealers \'d7 top-20 most popular watches as part of this change?\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 For dealers where the search URL doesn't actually work
\f0\b0  (some don't have search), should I still try the search pattern and let it 404 gracefully, or strictly fall back to homepage?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Let me know and I'll re-write the plan to match.\
}